Okay, so just a quick note on AWS abuse
which is something that can come up in the exam.
So in case you are suspecting some resources
in AWS, for example, some IPs
or some institute instances that are used
for abusive or illegal purposes,
then you can report it to AWS.
And so these kind of abusive and prohibited behaviors
are going to be around spam, so for example,
you receive undesired emails from IPs owned by AWS,
websites and forums spammed by AWS resources,
port scanning, for example, someone is trying a port scan
from AWS which is not accepted,
a DDoS attack, intrusion attempts,
so someone is trying to logging onto your resources,
or for example, someone that hosts questionable
or copyrighted content
and so therefore it's illegal content hosted on AWS,
you can also contact the abuse team.
And finally distributing malware is also prohibited.
So you cannot host malware on AWS obviously, right?
So in case you suspect any of these activities,
what you should be doing is to contact the abuse team.
So there is either an online form
or you can just send them an email at abuse@amazonaws.com
and that's all you need to know for this in the exam.
Okay, that's it. I will see you in the next lecture.